[14.0][ADD] delivery_carrier_agency (#384)
OCA/delivery-carrier: delivery_carrier_agency/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> Add carrier agencies concept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add carrier agency concept
```

Author: thx for the review, I've made all the changes

> A delivery carriere may have one or mutliple agencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A delivery carrier may have one or multiple agencies.
```
